		Autodesk® 3ds Max® 2014

© 2013 Autodesk, Inc.  All rights reserved.

All use of this Software is subject to the terms and conditions of the Autodesk
license agreement accepted upon installation of this Software and/or packaged
with the Software.

This Product or Service may incorporate or use background Autodesk technology
components.  For information about these components, click here:
http://www.autodesk.com/cloud-platform-components.

Trademarks

Autodesk, AutoCAD, Buzzsaw, DWF, DWG, DWG TrueView, DXF, FBX, Freewheel, Heidi,
Hoops, Revit, ShowMotion, SteeringWheels, ViewCube and 3ds Max are registered
trademarks or trademarks of Autodesk, Inc., and/or its subsidiaries and/or
affiliates in the USA and/or other countries.

Acresso, AdminStudio, FLEXnet Connect, InstallShield, InstallShield Developer,
InstallShield DevStudio, InstallShield Professional, OneClickInstall, and
QuickPatch are registered trademarks or trademarks of Acresso Software Inc.
and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. in the United States of America and/or other
countries.

ACE™, TAO™, CIAO™, and CoSMIC™ are copyrighted by Douglas C. Schmidt and his
research group at Washington University, University of California, Irvine, and
Vanderbilt University, Copyright (c) 1993-2009, all rights reserved.

ACIS Geometric Modeler is the registered trademark of SPATIAL TECHNOLOGY, INC.

Adobe, Acrobat, Acrobat Reader, Adobe PDF (logo), Flash, OpenType (logo),
Reader, and Streamline are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Adobe
Systems, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

ArchVision, realpeople, and RPC are either registered trademarks or trademarks
of ArchVision, Inc.

clothfx™ is a trademark of Size8 Software, Inc.

dataBased Intelligence and dBASE are either registered trademarks or trademarks
of dataBased Intelligence, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

D-Cubed is a trademark of Siemens Industry Software Limited.

"Fontware" is licensed to Bitstream in the United Kingdom, France and West
Germany by Electronic Printing Systems Limited.

GRANITE® is either a registered trademark or trademark of Parametric Technology
Corporation, in the United States and/or other countries.

HP Instant Printing is a registered Trademark of Hewlett-Packard Company.

Intel, Xeon and Pentium are registered trademarks or trademarks of Intel
Corporation or its subsidiaries in the United States and other countries.

iray, mental images, mental mill, and mental ray are registered trademarks of
NVIDIA ARC GmbH, licensed for use by Autodesk, Inc.

ISYS and the ISYS logo are registered trademarks or trademarks of ISYS® Search
Software Inc.

Microsoft, ActiveX, Direct3D, DirectX, Excel, Microsoft Internet Explorer
(logo), OpenType, Tahoma, Windows, Windows (logo), Windows NT, and Windows Start
(logo) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corp. in the
United States and/or other countries.

Microsoft, Direct3D, DirectX, Excel, and Windows are either registered
trademarks or trademarks of Microsoft Corp. in the United States and/or other
countries.

Microsoft and Visual Basic are registered trademarks in the United States and
other countries and the Microsoft Visual Basic Technology logo is a trademark of
Microsoft Corporation.

PANTONE MATCHING SYSTEM® and PANTONE® PLUS SERIES registered trademarks of
Pantone LLC. 

PANTONE® and other Pantone trademarks are the property of Pantone LLC.

Python is a registered trademark of Python Software Foundation.

RSA is either a registered trademark or trademark of RSA Security, Inc., in the
United States and/or other countries.

SGI, OpenGL, and OpenGL (logo) are either registered trademarks or trademarks of
Silicon Graphics, Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

SMLib is either a registered trademark or trademark of Solid Modeling Solutions,
Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

Spatial, ACIS, and SAT are either registered trademarks or trademarks of Spatial
Corp. in the United States and/or other countries.

Wise Solutions is either a registered trademark or trademark of Wise Solutions,
Inc., in the United States and/or other countries.

All other brand names, product names or trademarks belong to their respective
holders.

Patents

Autodesk® 3ds Max® 2014

Protected by each of the following patents: 6,363,503, 7,168,012, 6,888,542,
5,760,716, 6,064,394, 5,751,829, 6,122,391, 6,463,180, 6,081,624, 6,396,420,
6,313,842, 6,496,597, 6,411,297, 6,262,742, 6,366,283, 6,525,730, 6,487,322,
7,287,191, 6,061,067, 5,956,031, 6,072,498, 5,986,657, 6,195,098, 5,995,107,
6,034,695, 6,184,901, 6,323,879, 6,473,081, 6,683,620, 6,650,339, 6,889,374,
6,714,194, 7,019,743, 7,246,329, 6,947,058, 6,762,757, 6,768,486, 6,760,022,
7,233,326, 7,164,420, 5,594,856, 5,731,821, 6,144,385, 6,144,382, 6,628,285,
6,675,355, 6,964,015, 6,992,685 7,317,457, 7,372,464, 7,330,183; 7,509,590;
7,523,406; 7,546,581, 7,770,135, 7,782,319, D623657, 7,653,897, 7,884,835,
8,136,045, 8,212,806, 8,120,616, 8,125,492.

Customer Error Reporting (CER)

Protected by each of the following patents: 6,888,542, 6,363,503, 7,363,615,
7,325,166, 7,168,012, 7,287,191.

Autodesk® FBX® SDK 2014

Protected by the following patent: 7,254,235.

Autodesk® FBX® Plug-in 2014

Protected by the following patent: 7,254,235.

Revit® Core Engine 2014

Protected by each of the following patents: 5,760,716, 5,818,460, 5,982,399,
5,990,864, 5,990,911, 6,058,219, 6,111,587, 6,144,382, 6,628,285, 6,675,355,
6,964,015, 6,992,685, 7,254,235, 7,634,324, 7, 761,266, 7,768,526.


Third-Party Software Credits and Attributions

Autodesk® 3ds Max® 2014

Portions Copyright © 1999-2005 Joseph Alter, Inc. Credit to Joe Alter, Gonzalo
Rueda, and Dean Edmonds.

Portions Copyright © 1989, 1991, 1993 Aladdin Enterprises. All rights reserved.

Portions Copyright © 2003 ATI Technologies, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Permission
to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its documentation for any
purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice appear in all copies and derivative works and that both the copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in support documentation, and that the
name of ATI Technologies, Inc. not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

Portions of this software, Point Cache 2 are copyright © 2005-2006 Blizzard
Entertainment, Inc.

Portions Copyright © 2005 Bluerock Technologies LLC.

Portions Copyright © 2005 Blur Studio, Inc.

Portions Copyright Mathew Kaustinen © 2007.

Portions Copyright Carl-Mikael Lagnecrantz © 2008.

Portions related to Gradiant Map developed by Digimation, Inc. for the exclusive
use of Autodesk, Inc.

Portions related to Lens Flare developed by Digimation, Inc. for the exclusive
use of Autodesk, Inc.

Portions Copyright © 2000-2005 Size8 Software, Inc.

Portions of this software JSR-184 Exporter Copyright © 2004 Digital Element,
Inc.

This software contains source code provided by NVIDIA ARC GmbH. Copyright
1986-2011 by NVIDIA ARC GmbH, Fasanenstr. 81, D-10623 Berlin, Germany. All
rights reserved.

NVIDIA ARC GmbH

1.	Portions related to OpenEXR Copyright (c) 2004, Industrial Light & Magic, a
division of Lucasfilm Entertainment Company Ltd. Portions contributed and
copyright held by others as indicated. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code
must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

2.	Portions related to Pxr24 Copyright 2004, Pixar Animation Studios. All
rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. Neither the name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of
its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

3.	Portions related to LLVM v2.5 Copyright (c) 2003-2009 University of Illinois
at Urbana-Champaign. All rights reserved. Developed by: LLVM Team, University of
Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. http://llvm.org. Permission is hereby granted,
free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal with the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.
* Neither the names of the LLVM Team, University of Illinois at
Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this Software without specific prior written
permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS WITH THE
SOFTWARE.

4.	© 2009 Free Software Foundation. All Rights Reserved. GCC v.4.4.0 is
distributed with this Autodesk software as a separate work. GCC is licensed
under the GNU General Public License v.3, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html. A text copy of this license and the source
code for GCC (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) are included on the
media provided by Autodesk or with the download of this Autodesk software.

5.	© 2009 Free Software Foundation. All Rights Reserved. GCC v.4.4.0 Runtime
Library Exception is distributed with this Autodesk software as a separate work.
GCC is licensed under the GNU General Public License v.3, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html. A text copy of this license and the source
code for GCC Runtime Library Exception (and modifications made by Autodesk, if
any) are included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of this
Autodesk software.

6.	MinGW is distributed with this Autodesk software as a separate work. The
MinGW runtime libraries are placed in the public domain. Other components of
MinGW are licensed under the GNU General Public License v.3, which can be found
at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html. A text copy of this license and the
source code for MinGW (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) are included
on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of this Autodesk
software.

Autodesk Application Hub

1.	Portions related to Boost.Process Copyright © 2006, 2007 Julio M. Merino
Vidal.  Copyright © 2008 Boris Schaeling.  Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy of the software and
accompanying documentation covered by this license (the "Software") to use,
reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the Software, and to
prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit third-parties to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the following:  The copyright
notices in the Software and this entire statement, including the above license
grant, this restriction and the following disclaimer, must be included in all
copies of the Software, in whole or in part, and all derivative works of the
Software, unless such copies or derivative works are solely in the form of
machine-executable object code generated by a source language processor.  THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

2.	Portions related to OpenSSL 1.0.0e Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT “AS IS” AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.  This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

3.	Portions related to OpenSSL 1.0.0e Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL implementation
written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was written so as
to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for commercial and
non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are aheared to. The
following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the
RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation
included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except
that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).  Copyright remains Eric
Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If
this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the
author of the parts of the library used. This can be in the form of a textual
message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with
the package. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word
'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library being used are
not cryptographic related.  4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a
derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include
an acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG “AS IS” AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  The licence and
distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this
code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under
another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.]

4.	Portions related to liboauth 0.9.4 Copyright 2007-2010 Robin Gareus. 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

5.	Portions related to libcurl 7.22.0 Copyright (c) 1996 - 2011, Daniel
Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions Copyright © 1994 F. Kenton Musgrave.

Portions SketchUp Importer © 2009 Sun.

Portions Copyright Guruware OBJio © 2007 www.guruware.at.

Portions related to JPEG 6 are copyright (C) 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane. All
Rights Reserved except as specified below. The authors make NO WARRANTY or
representation, either express or implied, with respect to this software, its
quality, accuracy, merchantability, or fitness for a particular purpose. This
software is provided “AS IS”, and you, its user, assume the entire risk as to
its quality and accuracy. Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software (or portions thereof) for any purpose, without fee,
subject to these conditions:  (1) If any part of the source code for this
software is distributed, then this README file must be included, with this
copyright and no-warranty notice unaltered; and any additions, deletions, or
changes to the original files must be clearly indicated in accompanying
documentation. (2) If only executable code is distributed, then the accompanying
documentation must state that "this software is based in part on the work of the
Independent JPEG Group". (3) Permission for use of this software is granted only
if the user accepts full responsibility for any undesirable consequences; the
authors accept NO LIABILITY for damages of any kind. These conditions apply to
any software derived from or based on the IJG code, not just to the unmodified
library. If you use our work, you ought to acknowledge us. Permission is NOT
granted for the use of any IJG author's name or company name in advertising or
publicity relating to this software or products derived from it. This software
may be referred to only as "the Independent JPEG Group's software". We
specifically permit and encourage the use of this software as the basis of
commercial products, provided that all warranty or liability claims are assumed
by the product vendor. ansi2knr.c is included in this distribution by permission
of L. Peter Deutsch, sole proprietor of its copyright holder, Aladdin
Enterprises of Menlo Park, CA. ansi2knr.c is NOT covered by the above copyright
and conditions, but instead by the usual distribution terms of the Free Software
Foundation; principally, that you must include source code if you redistribute
it. (See the file ansi2knr.c for full details). However, since ansi2knr.c is not
needed as part of any program generated from the IJG code, this does not limit
you more than the foregoing paragraphs do. We are required to state that "The
Graphics Interchange Format(c) is the Copyright property of CompuServe
Incorporated. GIF(sm) is a Service Mark property of CompuServe Incorporated."

Portions related to OpenEXR v 1.2.1 (c) 2003 Industrial Light & Magic a division
of Lucas Digital Ltd. LLC. All rights reserved. Portions contributed and
copyright held by others as indicated. All rights reserved. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code
must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to Zip v. 2.3 Copyright © 1990-2007 Info-ZIP. All rights
reserved. For the purposes of this copyright and license, “Info-ZIP” is defined
as the following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald
Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian
Gorman, Chris Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson,
Paul Kienitz, David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor
Mandrichenko, Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg
Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda,
Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren, Rich Wales,
Mike White. This software is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind,
express or implied. In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held
liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages
arising out of the use of or inability to use this software. Permission is
granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial
applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the above
disclaimer and the following restrictions: 1) Redistributions of source code (in
whole or in part) must retain the above copyright notice, definition,
disclaimer, and this list of conditions. 2) Redistributions in binary form
(compiled executables and libraries) must reproduce the above copyright notice,
definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. The sole exception to this
condition is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as
part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion of this
license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed from the binary
or disabled. 3) Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new
operating systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with
modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library versions
not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source or, if binaries, compiled from the original source.
Such altered versions also must not be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP
releases--including, but not limited to, labeling of the altered versions with
the names “Info-ZIP” (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to,
different capitalizations), “Pocket UnZip,” “WiZ” or “MacZip” without the
explicit permission of Info-ZIP. Such altered versions are further prohibited
from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or the
Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP will provide support for the altered
versions. 4) Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names “Info-ZIP,” “Zip,”
“UnZip,” “UnZipSFX,” “WiZ,” “Pocket UnZip,” “Pocket Zip,” and “MacZip” for its
own source and binary releases.

Portions related to UnZip 5.51 Copyright © 1990-2007 Info-ZIP. All rights
reserved. For the purposes of this copyright and license, “Info-ZIP” is defined
as the following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald
Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ed Gordon, Ian
Gorman, Chris Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson,
Paul Kienitz, David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor
Mandrichenko, Steve P. Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg
Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel, Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Steven M. Schweda,
Christian Spieler, Cosmin Truta, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von Behren, Rich Wales,
Mike White. This software is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind,
express or implied. In no event shall Info-ZIP or its contributors be held
liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages
arising out of the use of or inability to use this software. Permission is
granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial
applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the above
disclaimer and the following restrictions: 1) Redistributions of source code (in
whole or in part) must retain the above copyright notice, definition,
disclaimer, and this list of conditions. 2) Redistributions in binary form
(compiled executables and libraries) must reproduce the above copyright notice,
definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. The sole exception to this
condition is redistribution of a standard UnZipSFX binary (including SFXWiz) as
part of a self-extracting archive; that is permitted without inclusion of this
license, as long as the normal SFX banner has not been removed from the binary
or disabled. 3) Altered versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new
operating systems, existing ports with new graphical interfaces, versions with
modified or added functionality, and dynamic, shared, or static library versions
not from Info-ZIP--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source or, if binaries, compiled from the original source.
Such altered versions also must not be misrepresented as being Info-ZIP
releases--including, but not limited to, labeling of the altered versions with
the names “Info-ZIP” (or any variation thereof, including, but not limited to,
different capitalizations), “Pocket UnZip,” “WiZ” or “MacZip” without the
explicit permission of Info-ZIP. Such altered versions are further prohibited
from misrepresentative use of the Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or the
Info-ZIP URL(s), such as to imply Info-ZIP will provide support for the altered
versions. 4) Info-ZIP retains the right to use the names “Info-ZIP,” “Zip,”
“UnZip,” “UnZipSFX,” “WiZ,” “Pocket UnZip,” “Pocket Zip,” and “MacZip” for its
own source and binary releases.

Portions Copyright © 2006 IntegrityWare, Inc.

Portions Copyright © IntegrityWare, Inc.

Portions related to IGES Converters © Copyright 1991, 1992, 1993, 1994, 1995,
1996, 1997, 1998 by ITI.

Portions related to SuperLU Library 3.0 Copyright (c) 2003, The Regents of the
University of California, through Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (subject
to receipt of any required approvals from U.S. Dept. of Energy). All rights
reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: (1)
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. (2) Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. (3) Neither the name of Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory,
U.S. Dept. of Energy nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without specific prior written
permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR
TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF
THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to SuperLU Library 3.0 Copyright (c) 1994 by Xerox Corporation.
All rights reserved. THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS, WITH ABSOLUTELY NO
WARRANTY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. Permission is hereby
granted to use or copy this program for any purpose, provided the above notices
are retained on all copies. Permission to modify the code and to distribute
modified code is granted, provided the above notices are retained, and a notice
that the code was modified is included with the above copyright notice.

Portions related to SuperLU Library 3.0 Copyright (c) 1998-2003 by the
University of Florida. All Rights Reserved. THIS MATERIAL IS PROVIDED AS IS,
WITH ABSOLUTELY NO WARRANTY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. ANY USE IS AT YOUR OWN RISK.
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this
program, provided that the Copyright, this License, and the Availability of the
original version is retained on all copies and made accessible to the end-user
of any code or package that includes COLAMD or any modified version of COLAMD.
Availability: The colamd/symamd library is available at
http://www.cise.ufl.edu/research/sparse/colamd/

This product includes Radiance software (http://radsite.lbl.gov/radiance)
developed by the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (http://www.lbl.gov).
Copyright © 1990–2005. The Regents of the University of California through
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. All rights reserved.

Portions Copyright Manuel Jouglet Marcus, Mootools © 2008.

Portions related to MACFilelO 3.21 Copyright Max HTR created 2003-2005 by Motion
Analysis.

Portions related to Scintilla v. 1.73 Copyright 1998-2003 by Neil Hodgson
<neilh@scintilla.org>. All Rights Reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies
and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  NEIL HODGSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS,
IN NO EVENT SHALL NEIL HODGSON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

Portions related to SciTe v. 1.73 Copyright 1998-2003 by Neil Hodgson
<neilh@scintilla.org>. All Rights Reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software and its documentation for any purpose and without fee
is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies
and that both that copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
supporting documentation.  NEIL HODGSON DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO
THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS,
IN NO EVENT SHALL NEIL HODGSON BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

Portions Copyright © 1999, 2000 NVIDIA Corporation. This file is provided
without support, instructions or implied warranty of any kind. NVIDIA makes no
guarantee of its fitness for a particular purpose and is not liable under any
circumstances for any damages or loss whatsoever arising from the use or
inability to use this file or items derived from it.

Portions Copyright © 2002-2006 NVIDIA Corporation.

Portions related to Convex Decomposition Library r2 Copyright (c) 2009, John W.
Ratcliff. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and
this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Pixman 0.14.0 Copyright 1987, 1988, 1989, 1998 The Open
Group, Copyright 1987, 1988, 1989 Digital Equipment Corporation, Copyright 1999,
2004, 2008 Keith Packard, Copyright 2000 SuSE, Inc., Copyright 2000 Keith
Packard, member of The XFree86 Project, Inc., Copyright 2004, 2005, 2007, 2008
Red Hat, Inc., Copyright 2004 Nicholas Miell, Copyright 2005 Lars Knoll & Zack
Rusin, Trolltech, Copyright 2005 Trolltech AS, Copyright 2007 Luca Barbato,
Copyright 2008 Aaron Plattner, NVIDIA Corporation, Copyright 2008 Rodrigo
Kumpera, Copyright 2008 André Tupinambá, Copyright 2008 Mozilla Corporation,
Copyright 2008 Frederic Plourde, Copyright 2009 Sun Microsystems, Inc.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice (including the next paragraph) shall be included in all copies
or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS",
WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions Copyright Orbaz Technologies © 2007.

Portions related to libtiff are Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler. Copyright
(c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. Permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is
hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Portions related to ACIS © 1989-2005, Spatial Corp.

Certain patents licensed from Viewpoint Corporation.

Portions related to DockPanel Suite v. 2.3.1.22290 Copyright (c) 2007 Weubfen
Luo.  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished
to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and
this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions
of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Boost C++ libraries version 1.0. Copyright Beman Dawes,
David Abrahams, 1998-2005.  Copyright Rene Rivera 2004-2007. Permission is
hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a copy
of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the
"Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the
Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit
third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the
following: The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement,
including the above license grant, this restriction and the following
disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part,
and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works
are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source
language processor.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Civil View

Portions InfoOverlay Script © 1999 - 2009 Martin Breidt. If you use one of my
scripts in a production environment with a group of more than two people, or
have used it in the past under such condition, then you are obligated to tell me
about it and allow me to list that project title and your company name as a
reference on my website.

All images representing UK traffic signs are subject to Crown Copyright.

Autodesk Licensing Manager (AdLM)

Portions related to FLEXnet Publisher v.11.11 are Copyright (c) 1987-2012
Flexera Software LLC. All Rights Reserved. 
Portions related to libCurl v.7.15.5 are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2012, Daniel
Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.
Portions related to OpenSSL 0.9.8c are Copyright (c) 1998-2006 The OpenSSL
Project.  Copyright (c) 1995-1998 Eric A. Young, Tim J. Hudson.  All rights
reserved.
Portions related to Info-Zip are Copyright (c) 1990-1999 Info-ZIP.  All rights
reserved.  For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined
as the following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald
Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ian Gorman, Chris
Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P.
Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel,
Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Christian Spieler, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von
Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White.  This software is provided "as is," without
warranty of any kind, express or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its
contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this
software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,
subject to the following restrictions: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
conditions.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Altered
versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems,
existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static
library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source.  Such altered versions also must not be
misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to,
labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation
thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket
UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such
altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).  4. Info-ZIP
retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "WiZ," "Pocket
UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.
Portions related to Windows Template Library-WTL v.8.0 are Copyright (C)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  This file is a part of the Windows
Template Library. The use and distribution terms for this software are covered
by the Common Public License 1.0
(http://opensource.org/osi3.0/licenses/cpl1.0.php) which can be found in the
file CPL.TXT at the root of this distribution. By using this software in any
fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this license. You must not
remove this notice, or any other, from this software.  The source code for WTL
v.8.0 (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) is available from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource. 
Portions related to KQOAuth v.0.97 are authored by Johan Paul
(johan.paul@gmail.com) http://www.johanpaul.com. This Autodesk software contains
KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk.  KQOAuth v.0.97 is licensed under the
GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for KQOAuth
v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending
a written request to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
	
Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this KQOAuth v.0.97 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from
the date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink KQOAuth v.0.97 to this Autodesk software as
provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The
OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL
implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was
written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for
commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are
aheared to.  The following conditions apply to all code found in this
distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. 
The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same
copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). 
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code
are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should
be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be
in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online
or textual) provided with the package.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)." The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the
rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-).  4. If
you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps
directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product
includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to QAxContainer are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com). This software contains QAxContainer.  Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code
must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  * Neither
the name of Nokia Corporation and its Subsidiary(-ies) nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to Qt v.4.7.2 are Copyright (c) 2011 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies).  All rights reserved.  Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com).  This Autodesk software contains Qt v.4.7.2.  Qt is
licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found
at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v4.7.2
from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and
2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for Qt v4.7.2; and 
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

AIRMax 4.0

Portions related to Qt MFC Migration Framework are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia
Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies). This Autodesk software contains Qt MFC
Migration Framework v.2.8. Qt MFC Migration Framework is licensed under the GNU
Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt. A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software. You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt MFC
Migration Framework v.2.8 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention: General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing 5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for Qt MFC Migration Framework v.2.8;
and 
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request. The offer to receive this
Qt MFC Migration Framework source code via the above URL
(www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a
period of three (3) years from the date you purchased your license to this
Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt MFC Migration Framework to this Autodesk
software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1.

Portions related to Qt v.4.8.2 are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. This Autodesk software contains Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk.  Qt is licensed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.  A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing 5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for Qt v. 4.8.2, as modified by
Autodesk; and 
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
Your written request must:

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Autodesk Data Platform
Portions related to expat are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper  Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
2005, 2006 Expat maintainers. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining  a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the  "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including 
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,  distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to  the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
 Portions related to FIPS 180-2 SHA-224/256/384/512 are Copyright (C) 2005, 2007
Olivier Gay <>  All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without  modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions  are met:   1. Redistributions of source code must retain
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer.   2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.   3.
Neither the name of the project nor the names of its contributors may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT  LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF  SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to MurmurHash are Copyright (c) 2009 MurmurHash2, 64-bit
versions, by Austin Appleby Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any
person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
Portions related to Paul Hsieh Super Fast Hash are Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Paul
Hsieh  All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:  Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  Neither the name of the Paul
Hsieh nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to sparsehash are Copyright (C) 2005, Google Inc.  All rights
reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:   1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.   2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.   3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF  SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2010, Daniel Stenberg,
<daniel@haxx.se>.  All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright  notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies.
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder
shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promotethe sale, use or other
dealings in this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright
holder.

Portions related to Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C) 2005-2012
Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.
Infocenter
Portions related to AXIS2/C v1.6.0 are Copyright (C) 2009 The Apache Software
Foundation. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a
copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.   See the License for the specific
language governing permissions and  limitations under the License.About Box
notice for copies of unmodified libiconv  v.1.9.2 source code provided via
electronic link:

Portions related to libiconv are Copyright 1999-2003 Free Software Foundation,
Inc.  This Autodesk software contains libiconv v.1.9.2.  libiconv is licensed
under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for libiconv
v.1.9.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention: General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for libiconv v.1.9.2; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) so that Autodesk may properly
respond to your request. 

The offer to receive this libiconv v.1.9.2 source code via the above URL
(www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a
period of three (3) years  from the date you purchased your license to this
Autodesk software.  You may modify, debug and relink libiconv to this Autodesk
software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1.
Except where otherwise noted in the source code (e.g. the files hash.c,list.c
and the trio files, which are covered by a similar licence but with different
Copyright notices) all the files are: Copyright (C) 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard. 
All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is fur- nished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, IT- NESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DANIEL VEILLARD BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
Daniel Veillard shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
from him. Portion related to hash.c file copyright © 2000 Bjorn Reese and Daneil
Veillard Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright
notice and this permission notice appear in all copies. THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED ''AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY
CONCEIVABLE MANNER. Portion related to list.c file copyright © 2000 Gary
Pennington and Daniel Veillard Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute
this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided
that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE AUTHORS AND
CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER. Portion related
to trio files copyright © 1998 Bjorn Reese and Daniel Stenberg  Permission to
use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without
fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this
permission notice appear in all copies. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED ``AS IS'' AND
WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE
AUTHORS AND CONTRIBUTORS ACCEPT NO RESPONSIBILITY IN ANY CONCEIVABLE MANNER.
Portions related to libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2010, Daniel Stenberg,
<daniel@haxx.se>.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.
AIRLook
Portions related to OpenSSL License are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)". 4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org. 5. Products derived
from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their
names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project. 6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
* "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in
the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)"
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).
Original SSLeay License Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
* The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the
following conditions are aheared [sic] to. The following conditions apply to all
code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not
just the SSL code. The SSL documentation included with this distribution is
covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright
notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product,
Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library
used. This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in
documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions
of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All
advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display
the following acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software
written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' can be left
out if the rouines [sic] from the library being used are not cryptographic
related :-).  4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative
thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include an
acknowledgement:"This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The licence and
distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this
code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under
another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.]
Portions related to Log4CPLUS v 1.0.4 are Copyright 2011 Apache, Inc.  Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
Identity and Webservices
Portions related to QJson v 0.7.2 are Copyright (c) 2012 Digia Plc and/or its
subsidiary(-ies). This Autodesk software contains QJson v.0.7.2, as modified by
Autodesk, Inc.  QJson is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QJson
v.0.7.2 as modified by Autodesk, Inc. from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by
sending a written request to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and
2.  Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for QJson v.0.7.2, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QJson v 0.7.2 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years  from
the date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. You may modify,
debug and relink QJson v0.7.2  to this Autodesk software as provided under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to OpenSSL plugin to Qt Cryptographic Architecture are
Copyright (C) 2003-2007  Justin Karneges <justin@affinix.com>  Copyright (C)
2004-2006  Brad Hards <bradh@frogmouth.net>  This Autodesk software contains
OpenSSL plugin to Qt Cryptographic Architecture v2.0.0 beta3 (OpenSSL plugin to
QCA), as modified by Autodesk.  OpenSSL plugin to QCA is licensed under the GNU
Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for OpenSSL
plugin to QCA v2.0.0 beta3, as modified by Autodesk, from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and
2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for OpenSSL plugin to QCA v2.0.0
beta3, as modified by Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) so that Autodesk may properly
respond to your request.  The offer to receive this OpenSSL plugin to QCA source
code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to
Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the date you purchased
your license to this Autodesk software. 
You may modify, debug and relink OpenSSL plugin to QCA to this Autodesk software
as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to QOAuth are Copyright (C) 2010 Dominik Kapusta <d@ayoy.net>
This Autodesk software contains QOAuth v 1.0, as modified by Autodesk.  QOAuth
is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be
found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of
this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download
of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QOAuth
v 1.0, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request  to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for QOAuth v 1.0, as modified by
Autodesk; and 
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to  Qt Cryptographic Architecture are  Copyright (C) 2003-2007 
Justin Karneges <justin@affinix.com>  Copyright (C) 2004-2007  Brad Hards
bradh@frogmouth.net This Autodesk software contains Qt Cryptographic
Architecture v. 2.0.2 (QCA).  QCA is licensed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QCA v
2.0.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for for QCA v 2.0.2; and 
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to OpenSSL License are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
* "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in
the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE OpenSSL PROJECT ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL
PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).
Original SSLeay License - Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). * The implementation was written so as to conform
with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use
as long as the following conditions are aheared [sic] to. The following
conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA,
lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation included
with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the
holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as
such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is
used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the
parts of the library used. This can be in the form of a textual message at
program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the
package. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word
'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines [sic] from the library being used
are not cryptographic related :-). 4. If you include any Windows specific code
(or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must
include an acknowledgement:"This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)"
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. The licence and distribution terms for any publically available
version or derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot
simply be copied and put under another distribution licence [including the GNU
Public Licence.] \
AutoCAM
Development tools and related technology provided under license from
3Dconnexion. (C) 1992-2009 3Dconnexion. All rights reserved.

Consistent Materials

Portions related to libtiff are Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler Copyright
(c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. Permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is
hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.   IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THIS SOFTWARE.
Except where otherwise noted in the source code (e.g. the files hash.c, list.c
and the trio files, which are covered by a similar licence but with different
Copyright notices) all the files related to libxml are:  Copyright (C) 1998-2003
Daniel Veillard.  All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DANIEL VEILLARD
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CON NECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in
this notice, the name of Daniel Veillard shall not be used in advertising or
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without
prior written authorization from him.
Install Framework

Copyright © 1996 2009 Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. All
Rights Reserved. This product contains proprietary and confidential technology,
information and creative works owned by Acresso Software Inc. and/or
InstallShield Co. Inc. and their respective licensors, if any. Any use, copying,
publication, distribution, display, modification, or transmission of such
technology in whole or in part in any form or by any means without the prior
express written permission of Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co.
Inc. is strictly prohibited. Except where expressly provided by Acresso Software
Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. in writing, possession of this technology
shall not be construed to confer any license or rights under any Acresso
Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. intellectual property rights,
whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise. All copies of the technology and
related information, if allowed by Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield
Co. Inc., must display this notice of copyright and ownership in full.
Trademarks  Acresso, AdminStudio, FLEXnet Connect, InstallShield, InstallShield
Developer, InstallShield DevStudio, InstallShield Professional, OneClickInstall,
and QuickPatch are registered trademarks or trademarks of Acresso Software Inc.
and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. in the United States of America and/or other
countries. All other brand and product names mentioned herein are the trademarks
and registered trademarks of their respective owners. Restricted Rights Legend 
The software and documentation are commercial items, as that term is defined at
48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of commercial computer software and commercial
computer software documentation, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or
48 C.F.R. §227.2702, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48
C.F.R. §227.2702-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the commercial computer
software and commercial computer software documentation are being licensed to
U.S. government end users (A) only as commercial items and (B) with only those
rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Acresso Software standard commercial agreement for
this software. Unpublished rights reserved under the copyright laws of the
United States of America.

Autodesk Data Platform

Portions related to expat are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source
Software Center Ltd and Clark Cooper. Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004,
2005, 2006 Expat maintainers. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to FIPS 180-2 SHA-224/256/384/512 are Copyright (C) 2005, 2007
Olivier Gay. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. Neither the name of the
project nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to MurmurHash are Copyright (c) 2009 MurmurHash2, 64-bit
versions, by Austin Appleby. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Paul Hsieh Super Fast Hash are Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Paul
Hsieh
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:  Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. Redistributions in binary
form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution. Neither the name of Paul Hsieh nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to sparsehash are Copyright (C) 2005, Google Inc.  All rights
reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.  3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF  SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2010, Daniel Stenberg,
<daniel@haxx.se>. All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions related to zlib are Copyright (C) 1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark
Adler. This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty. In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising
from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this
software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions: 1. The origin of
this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the
original software. If you use this software in a product, an acknowledgment in
the product documentation would be appreciated but is not required. 2. Altered
source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be misrepresented
as being the original software. 3. This notice may not be removed or altered
from any source distribution.

Portions related to Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C) 2005-2012
Intel Corporation. All Rights Reserved.


Customer Error Reporting (CER)

Portions related to Info-ZIP are Copyright (c) 1990-1999 Info-ZIP. All rights
reserved.

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as the
following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker,
Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ian Gorman, Chris
Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P.
Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel,
Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Christian Spieler, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von
Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White.  This software is provided "as is," without
warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event shall Info-ZIP or its
contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this
software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,
subject to the following restrictions:  1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
conditions.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Altered
versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems,
existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static
library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source. Such altered versions also must not be
misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to,
labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation
thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket
UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP. Such
altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).  4. Info-ZIP
retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "WiZ," "Pocket
UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.




Customer Involvement Program (CIP)

Portions related to Info-Zip Library are Copyright (c) 1990-1999 Info-ZIP. All
rights reserved.

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined as the
following set of individuals; Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald Denker,
Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ian Gorman, Chris
Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P.
Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel,
Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Christian Spieler, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von
Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White.  This software is provided "as is," without
warranty of any kind, express or implied. In no event shall Info-ZIP or its
contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this
software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,
subject to the following restrictions: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
conditions.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Altered
versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems,
existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static
library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source. Such altered versions also must not be
misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to,
labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation
thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket
UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP. Such
altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).  4. Info-ZIP
retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "WiZ," "Pocket
UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.

Portions related to Libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2009, Daniel Stenberg. All
rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software
for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE
IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING
BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS
OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 
Except as contained in this notice, the name of a copyright holder shall not be
used in advertising or otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in
this Software without prior written authorization of the copyright holder. 
Portions related to OpenSSL are Copyright (c) 1998-2006 The OpenSSL Project. All
rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning
features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)" 4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and
"OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please
contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products derived from this software may
not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior
written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment: "This product includes
software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit
(http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT
''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Portions related to Original SSLeay License Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL implementation
written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).  The implementation was written so as
to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for commercial and
non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are adhered to. The
following conditions apply to all code found in this distribution, be it the
RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. The SSL documentation
included with this distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except
that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric
Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If
this package is used in a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the
author of the parts of the library used.  This can be in the form of a textual
message at program startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with
the package.Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word
'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines from the library being used are
not cryptographic related.  4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a
derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include
an acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)"  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Portions related to Apache Avro Copyright 2009-2012 The Apache Software
Foundation.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a
copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific
language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Aruba Core v. 7.0

PCRE LICENSE
------------
PCRE is a library of functions to support regular expressions whose syntax and
semantics are as close as possible to those of the Perl 5 language.

Release 8 of PCRE is distributed under the terms of the "BSD" licence, as
specified below. The documentation for PCRE, supplied in the "doc" directory, is
distributed under the same terms as the software itself.

The basic library functions are written in C and are freestanding. Also included
in the distribution is a set of C++ wrapper functions.

THE BASIC LIBRARY FUNCTIONS
---------------------------
Written by:       Philip Hazel
Email local part: ph10
Email domain:     cam.ac.uk

University of Cambridge Computing Service,
Cambridge, England.
Copyright (c) 1997-2010 University of Cambridge
All rights reserved.

THE C++ WRAPPER FUNCTIONS
-------------------------
Contributed by:   Google Inc.
Copyright (c) 2007-2010, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.

THE "BSD" LICENCE
-----------------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. *
Neither the name of the University of Cambridge nor the name of Google Inc. nor
the names of their contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission. THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Inventor Server

This work contains the following software owned by Siemens Industry Software
Limited:
D-Cubed™ 2D DCM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved

Portions related to libpng © 1995–2010 Glenn Randers-Pehrson. Contributing
Authors: John Bowler, Kevin Bracey, Sam Bushell, Simon-Pierre Cadieux, Andreas
Dilger, Magnus Holmgren, Tom Lane, Dave Martindale, Eric S. Raymond, Greg
Roelofs, Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, Tom Tanner, Cosmin Truta, Willem van
Schaik, Gilles Vollant, and Tim Wegner.

RSA Data Security, Inc., MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm © 1991–2007 RSA Data
Security, Inc. All rights reserved.  RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no
representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the
suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty of any kind.

uuencode/uudecode © 1983–2006 Regents of the University of California. All
rights reserved.

Portions related to DirectX SDK v.43 are © 1981–2010 Microsoft Corp. All rights
reserved.

Portions related to 7-Zip Copyright (C) 1999-2012 Igor Pavlov.  This Autodesk
software contains 7-zip.  7-zip is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public
License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for 7-zip from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing 5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and
2. Identify:

	a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
	b. That you are requesting the source code for 7-zip; and
	c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this 7-zip source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink 7-zip to this Autodesk software as provided
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Autodesk Shape Manager v. 219

Portions related to ACIS® © 1989–2001 Spatial Corp.

Portions related to Intel® Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C)
2005-2012 Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to Intel® Math Kernel Library v.10.0.3
(www.intel.com/software/products/mkl) are Copyright (C) 2000–2008, Intel
Corporation. All rights reserved.

This Autodesk software contains the following software components licensed from
Siemens Industry Software Limited:

D-CubedTM HLM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.
D-CubedTM CDM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.

One Graphics System

This Autodesk software contains Qt Cryptographic Architecture v. 2.0.2 (QCA). 
QCA is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be
found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of
this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download
of this Autodesk software.   You may obtain a copy of the source code for QCA v
2.0.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
	
Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for QCA v 2.0.2; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QCA v 2.0.2 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or
by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. 

You may modify, debug and relink QCA v 2.0.2to this Autodesk software as
provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C) 2005-2012
Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to JPEG software is copyright © 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.  All
Rights Reserved.  This software is based in part on the work of the Independent
JPEG Group.

Portions related to LuaPlus v5.1 are Copyright © 1994–2008 Lua.org, PUC-Rio. 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to OpenEXR 1.6.0 Copyright © 2004, Industrial Light & Magic, a
division of Lucas Digital Ltd. LLC All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

Portions related to TIFF © Copyright 1988-1997 Sam Leffler. © Copyright
1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose
is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABIBITLY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Portions relatead to Libxerces-c 2.7.0 are copyright 1999-2000, 2004 The Apache
Software Foundation.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
“License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You
may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS,  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

This product includes the SwiftShader Software GPU Toolkit, Copyright (c)
2003-2011 Transgaming, Inc. All rights reserved.

RRT
This product includes the SwiftShader Software GPU Toolkit, Copyright (c)
2003-2011 Transgaming, Inc. All rights reserved.
Portions related to Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C) 2005-2012
Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

sync
Portions related to open-vcdiff are Copyright 2008 © Google, Inc. Licensed under
the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License.   You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
Portions related to Log4CPLUS v 1.0.4 are Copyright 2011 Apache, Inc.  Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
Autodesk® FBX® SDK 2014

Portions related to Libxml2 2.7.8 Copyright (c) 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard.  All
Rights Reserved.  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS
IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

Autodesk® FBX® Plug-in 2014

Portions related to Libxml2 2.6.4 Copyright (c) 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard.  All
Rights Reserved.  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS
IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 

Vault SDK

Portions related to DevExpress are Copyright (C) 2000-2010 Developer Express
Inc.

Revit® Core Engine 2014

Portions relating to xerces-c_1_6_0.dll v. 1.6 © 1999-2004 The Apache Software
Foundation.

Portions relating to xerces-c_2_6.dll  v. 2.6.0   Copyright c Apache Software
Foundation 2000 subject to licensing terms.

Portions relating to xerces-c_2_7.dll  v. 2.7.0   Copyright c Apache Software
Foundation 2000 subject to licensing terms.

Portions relating to xerces-c_2_8_AEC.dll v. 2.8.0   Copyright c Apache Software
Foundation 2000 subject to licensing terms.

Portions relating to Xerces.Aec.dll  v. 3.1.1   Copyright c 1999-2010 Apache
Software Foundation; subject to licensing terms.

Portions related to Castle Windsor v. 1.0.3.4333 are Copyright 2004-2011 Castle
Project - http://www.castleproject.org/.

Portions relating to Log4Net v1.2.10 are copyright 2009 The Apache Software
Foundation.

Portions related to the Dynamic Link Library for Xalan-C++ Version 1.11.0 are ©
The Apache Software Foundation.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0
(the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the
License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

Portions related to ASHRAE Duct Fitting Database Active X DLL Object Code form
are © 2003 American Society of Heating Refrigerating and Air Conditioning
Engineers, Inc. (www.asluae.org) Used by permission. 

Portions related to ASHRAE Duct Fitting Database Version v.5.0 are © [COPYRIGHT
YEAR] American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers,
Inc. (www.ashrae.org) Used by permission.

© 2006 American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning
Engineers, Inc.  (www.ashrae.org). Material adopted by permission from ASHRAE
Weather Data Viewer, Version 3.0 . The American Society of Heating,
Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers, Inc. assumes no liability for the
use or contents of this software or its fitness for a particular application.
The American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers,
Inc. has not reviewed this software and does not endorse, warrant, or certify
its contents, use or application.

© 200..s-[sic] American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning
Engineers , Inc. (www.ashrae.org). Used by permission. The American Society of
Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning Engineers, Inc. assumes no liability
for the use or contents of this software or its fitness for a particular
application. The American Society of Heating, Refrigerating and Air-Conditioning
Engineers, Inc. has not reviewed this software and does not endorse, warrant, or
certify its contents, use or application.

Certain portions Copyright (c) 2008 Bentley Systems, Incorporated.  All rights
reserved.     Contains Bentley DGN (TM) technology by Bentley Systems,
Incorporated.   

Portions related to Threading Building Blocks 2.1 v.4.0.2012.0408 are Copyright
(C) 2005-2012 Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions © Copyright 2002 ArchVision, Inc., All Rights Reserved.

Portions utilize Microsoft Windows Media Technologies.  Copyright © 1999-2004
Microsoft Corporation.  All rights reserved.

Portions related to ACIS® © 1989–2001 Spatial Corp.

Portions related to ACIS® © 1989–2002 Spatial Corp.

Portions of #ziplib v. 0.85.4.369 are contributed by various parties as
indicated in the individual source code files.  This Autodesk software contains
#ziplib.  #ziplib is licensed under the GNU  General Public License v.2, which
can be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.html, with
Classpath exception terms, which can be found at
http://www.icsharpcode.net/OpenSource/SharpZipLib/.  A text copy of this license
and the source code for #ziplib (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) are
included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of this Autodesk
software.

Portions related to zlib v.1.2.5 are © 1995-2012 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark
Adler. This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising
from the use of this software. Permission is granted to anyone to use this
software for any purpose, including commercial applications, and to alter it and
redistribute it freely, subject to the following restrictions:
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim
that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an
acknowledgment in the product documentation would be appreciated but is not
required. 2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must
not be misrepresented as being the original software. 3. This notice may not be
removed or altered from any source distribution.  Jean-loup Gailly; 
jloup@gzip.org.  Mark Adler; madler@alumni.caltech.edu.

Portions related to FLEXnet Publisher v.11.11 are Copyright (c) 1987-2012
Flexera Software LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to libCurl v.7.15.5 are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2012, Daniel
Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions related to OpenSSL 0.9.8c are Copyright (c) 1998-2006 The OpenSSL
Project.  Copyright (c) 1995-1998 Eric A. Young, Tim J. Hudson.  All rights
reserved.

Portions related to Info-Zip are Copyright (c) 1990-1999 Info-ZIP.  All rights
reserved.  For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined
as the following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald
Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ian Gorman, Chris
Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P.
Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel,
Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Christian Spieler, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von
Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White.  This software is provided "as is," without
warranty of any kind, express or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its
contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this
software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,
subject to the following restrictions: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
conditions.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Altered
versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems,
existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static
library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source.  Such altered versions also must not be
misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to,
labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation
thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket
UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such
altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).  4. Info-ZIP
retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "WiZ," "Pocket
UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.

Portions related to Windows Template Library-WTL v.8.0 are Copyright (C)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  This file is a part of the Windows
Template Library. The use and distribution terms for this software are covered
by the Common Public License 1.0
(http://opensource.org/osi3.0/licenses/cpl1.0.php) which can be found in the
file CPL.TXT at the root of this distribution. By using this software in any
fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of this license. You must not
remove this notice, or any other, from this software.  The source code for WTL
v.8.0 (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) is available from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource.

Portions related to KQOAuth v.0.97 are authored by Johan Paul
(johan.paul@gmail.com) http://www.johanpaul.com. This Autodesk software contains
KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk.  KQOAuth v.0.97 is licensed under the
GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for KQOAuth
v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending
a written request to:
Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1.	Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2.	Identify:
a.	This Autodesk software name and release number;
b.	That you are requesting  the source code for KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c.	The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this KQOAuth v.0.97 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from
the date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink KQOAuth v.0.97 to this Autodesk software as
provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The
OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)"  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY  EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL
implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was
written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for
commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are
aheared to.  The following conditions apply to all code found in this
distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. 
The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same
copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). 
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code
are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should
be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be
in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online
or textual) provided with the package.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.   3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)." The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the
rouines from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-).  4. If
you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps
directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product
includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)"  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to QAxContainer are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com). This software contains QAxContainer.  Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code
must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  * Neither
the name of Nokia Corporation and its Subsidiary(-ies) nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to Qt v. 4.7.2 are Copyright (c) 2011 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies).  All rights reserved.  Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com).  This Autodesk software contains Qt v. 4.7.2.  Qt is
licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found
at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v.
4.7.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
 a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
 b. That you are requesting the source code for Qt v. 4.7.2; and
 c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to Intel® Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C)
2005-2012 Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to Intel® Math Kernel Library v.10.0.3
(www.intel.com/software/products/mkl) are Copyright (C) 2000–2008, Intel
Corporation. All Rights Reserved.

This Autodesk software contains the following software components licensed from
Siemens Industry Software Limited:

D-CubedTM HLM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.
D-CubedTM CDM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to Libxml2 2.7.8 Copyright (c) 1998-2003 Daniel Veillard.  All
Rights Reserved.  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS
IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. 


Portions related to Qt MFC Migration Framework are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia
Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies). This Autodesk software contains Qt MFC
Migration Framework v.2.8, as modified by Autodesk, Inc..  Qt MFC Migration
Framework is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which
can be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.  A text
copy of this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the
download of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code
for Qt MFC Migration Framework v.2.8, as modified by Autodesk, Inc., from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for Qt MFC Migration Framework
v.2.8, as modified by Autodesk, Inc.; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt MFC Migration Framework source code, as modified by Autodesk, Inc.,  via
the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is
valid for a period of three (3) years from the date you purchased your license
to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt MFC Migration Framework to this Autodesk
software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1.

Portions related to Qt v.4.8.2 are Copyright (c) 2009 Digia Plc and/or its
subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. This Autodesk software contains Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk.  Qt is licensed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1.	Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2.	Identify:

a.	This Autodesk software name and release number;
b.	That you are requesting  the source code for Qt v. 4.8.2, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c.	The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

This Autodesk software contains Qt Cryptographic Architecture v. 2.0.2 (QCA). 
QCA is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be
found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of
this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download
of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QCA v
2.0.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:

a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for QCA v 2.0.2; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QCA source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink QCA to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.
Portions related to Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C) 2005-2012
Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.


Portions related to JPEG software is copyright © 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.  All
Rights Reserved.  This software is based in part on the work of the Independent
JPEG Group.

Portions related to libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20,
2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed
according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96, with the following
individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: Tom Lane, Glenn
Randers-Pehrson, Willem van Schaik.  libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through
0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger Distributed
according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the following
individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: John Bowler, Kevin
Bracey, Sam Bushell, Magnus Holmgren, Greg Roelofs, Tom Tanner.  libpng versions
0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric
Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.

For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is
defined as the following set of individuals: Andreas Dilger, Dave Martindale,
Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, Tim Wegner.  The PNG Reference Library is
supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all
warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties
of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and
Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. 
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source
code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following
restrictions: 1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.  2.
Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source.  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or
altered from any source or altered source distribution.  The Contributing
Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the
use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in
commercial products.  If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment
is not required but would be appreciated.

Portions related to LuaPlus v5.1 are Copyright © 1994–2008 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.  
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:  The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to OpenEXR 1.6.0 Copyright © 2004, Industrial Light & Magic, a
division of Lucas Digital Ltd. LLC All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to TIFF © Copyright 1988-1997 Sam Leffler. © Copyright
1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose
is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.  THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABIBITLY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Libxerces-c 2.7.0 are copyright 1999-2000, 2004 The Apache
Software Foundation.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
“License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You
may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

This product includes the SwiftShader Software GPU Toolkit, Copyright (c)
2003-2011 Transgaming, Inc. All rights reserved.

Portions of this product include one or more Boost libraries, including
V.1.46.1.  Boost Software License – Version 1.0– August 17th, 2003.  Permission
is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization obtaining a
copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this license (the
"Software") to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and transmit the
Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to permit
third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to the
following: The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement,
including the above license grant, this restriction and the following
disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part,
and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works
are solely in the form of machine-executable object code generated by a source
language processor.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions relating to EXPRESS Data Manager™ are intellectual property of Jotne
EPM Technology A.S

Portions related to JPEG lib for release 8d of 15-Jan-2012 are Copyright (C)
1991-2012, Thomas G. Lane, Guido Vollbeding. All Rights Reserved. This software
is based in part on the work of the Independent JPEG Group.

Portions related to Minipack are Copyright Notice (1999) University of Chicago. 
All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.  3. The end-user documentation included with the
redistribution, if any, must include the following acknowledgment: "This product
includes software developed by the University of Chicago, as Operator of Argonne
National Laboratory.”  Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the
software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally
appear.  4. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE SOFTWARE IS SUPPLIED "AS IS" WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER, THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, AND
THEIR EMPLOYEES: (1) DISCLAIM ANY WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE OR NON-INFRINGEMENT, (2) DO NOT ASSUME ANY LEGAL
LIABILITY OR RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, OR USEFULNESS OF THE
SOFTWARE, (3) DO NOT REPRESENT THAT USE OF THE SOFTWARE WOULD NOT INFRINGE
PRIVATELY OWNED RIGHTS, (4) DO NOT WARRANT THAT THE SOFTWARE WILL FUNCTION
UNINTERRUPTED, THAT IT IS ERROR-FREE OR THAT ANY ERRORS WILL
BE CORRECTED. 5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. IN NO EVENT WILL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER,
THE UNITED STATES, THE UNITED STATES DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY, OR THEIR EMPLOYEES:
BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR PUNITIVE
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF PROFITS OR
LOSS OF DATA, FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER, WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS ASSERTED ON
THE BASIS OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY), OR
OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ANY OF SAID PARTIES HAS BEEN WARNED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH LOSS OR DAMAGES.
Portions related to Approximate Nearest Neighbors (ANN) v.1.1.2 are Copyright
(c) 1997-2010 University of Maryland and Sunil Arya and David Mount. All Rights
Reserved.  This Autodesk software contains ANN v.1.1.2.  ANN v.1.1.2 is licensed
under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license and the source code for ANN v.1.1.2 (and modifications made by Autodesk,
if any) are included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may modify, debug and relink ANN to this Autodesk
software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1.

Portions relating to Xerces-C++ v.3.1.1 are Copyright © 1999-2010 The Apache
Software Foundation.

Portions relating to Xerces v.3.1 are © [COPYRIGHT YEAR, COPYRIGHT OWNER]. All
Rights Reserved. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain
a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.   See the License for the specific
language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

Portions relating to SharpDevelop ic#code 4.2.0.8783 are Copyright 2012
AlphaSierraPapa for the SharepDevelop team.

Portions relating to IronPython.dll v.2.7.21001 are © [COPYRIGHT] YEAR
IronPython Contributors.

This Autodesk software contains the above specified software which are licensed
under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license and the source code for each of the above software components (and
modifications made by Autodesk, if any) are included on the media provided by
Autodesk or with the download of this Autodesk software.  You may modify, debug
and relink the above specified software to this Autodesk software as provided
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.


Portions relating to NUnit.org – Vorontsov, nunit.core.dll v.2.6.0.12051 are ©
2000-2002 Philip Craig.  All Rights Reserved. Copyright © 2002-2012 Charlie
Poole.  Copyright © 2002-2004 James W. Newkirk, Michael C. Two, Alexei A.
Vorontsov.  Copyright © 2000-2002 Philip A. Craig.  This software is provided
'as-is', without any express or implied warranty. In no event will the authors
be held liable for any damages arising from the use of this software. Permission
is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose, including commercial
applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely, subject to the
following restrictions: 1. The origin of this software must not be
misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the original software. If you
use this software in a product, an acknowledgment (see the following) in the
product documentation is required.
Portions Copyright © 2002-2012 Charlie Poole or Copyright © 2002-2004 James W.
Newkirk, Michael C. Two, Alexei A. Vorontsov or Copyright © 2000-2002 Philip A.
Craig.  2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not
be misrepresented as being the original software.  3.  This notice may not be
removed or altered from any source distribution.

Portions relating to AvalonDock.dll v.1.3.3585 are © 2007-2010, Adolfo Marinucci
All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.  * Neither the name of Adolfo Marinucci nor the
names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived
from this software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions relating to Mono.Cecil.dll v.0.9.5.0 are © 2008 - 2011 Jb Evain.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

The demo projects "Base", "Startup" and "RichTextEditor" are licensed under
these terms (MIT license): Copyright (c) 2005, Daniel Grunwald. All rights
reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: *
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.  * Neither the name of Daniel Grunwald nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions relating to "ICSharpCode.Core" are © 2000-2012 AlphaSierraPapa for the
SharpDevelop team.

Portions relating to "AddInManager" are © 2000-2011 AlphaSierraPapa for the
SharpDevelop team.  This Autodesk software contains the above specified software
which are licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can
be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy
of this license and the source code for each of the above software components
(and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) are included on the media provided
by Autodesk or with the download of this Autodesk software.  This source code
can be found in the SharpDevelop source located at <Installation
media>\3rdParty\Source\SharpDevelop_4.2.0.8783.  You may modify, debug and
relink the above specified software to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to C# Library for Amazon Simple DB , Apache log4net, Castle
MicroKernel/Windsor Container , and C# Library and Code for Amazon S3 are
licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the “License”); you may not use
these files except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License at:
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

Portions relating to Memcached are © 2003, Danga Interactive, Inc. All rights
reserved.
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
•	Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
•	Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.
•	Neither the name of the Danga Interactive nor the names of its contributors
may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

AutoCAD® RealDWG 2014

Portions related to ezXML are Copyright 2004, 2005 Aaron Voisine, under the
following license: Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
“Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The
above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS
IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT, SHALL THE AUTHORIS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

ACIS® © 1989–2002 Spatial Corp.

Portions ©1997- 2009 Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc.

Portions Copyright (c) 1997-2000 Barry Allyn.  All rights reserved.

Adobe® Flash® Player, Copyright © 1996-2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All
Rights Reserved, Protected by U.S. Patent 6,879,327; Patents Pending in the
United States and other countries. Adobe and Flash are either trademarks or
registered trademarks in the United States and/or other countries.

Adobe® Shockwave® Player. Copyright © 1996-2006 Adobe Systems Incorporated. All
Rights Reserved. Adobe and Shockwave are either trademarks or registered
trademarks in the United States and/or other countries.

Portions related to Adobe Photoshop® CS4 software Copyright 1990-1991 by Thomas
Knoll. Copyright 1992-1995 by Adobe Systems, Inc.

Portions related to Apache Xerces DLL are Copyright © 1999-2000 The Apache
Software Foundation.  All rights reserved.  This product includes software
developed by the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org) subject to
its license terms and conditions (http://xml.apache.org/dist/LICENSE.txt).

Typefaces from the Bitstream ® typeface library Copyright © 1992.

Portions related to HLM and D-Cubed™ HLM © 2010  Siemens Product Lifecycle
Management Software (GB) Limited.  All Rights Reserved. 

Portions related to HLM and D-Cubed™ 2D DCM © 2010  Siemens Product Lifecycle
Management Software (GB) Limited.  All Rights Reserved. 

AutoCAD ® and AutoCAD LT ® products are produced under a license of data derived
from DIC Color Guide ® from Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. Copyright ©
Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc. All rights reserved. DIC and DIC Color Guide
are registered trademarks of Dainippon Ink and Chemicals, Inc.

Portions related to JPEG software is copyright © 1991-1998, Thomas G. Lane.  All
Rights Reserved.  Portions of this software are based on the work of the
Independent JPEG Group.

Poration related to Active Delivery™ 2.0 © 1999-2004 Inner Media, Inc.  All
rights reserved.

Portions related to libpng version 1.2.8 - December 3, 2004, Copyright (c)
1998-2004 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, Copyright (c) 1996-1997 Andreas Dilger,
Copyright (c) 1995-1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.

Portions related to LibTiff (http://www.libtiff.org), Copyright (c) 1988-1997
Sam Leffler, Copyright (c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc., under the following
license:  Permission to use, copy, modify, distribute, and sell this [libtiff]
software and its documentation for any purpose is hereby granted without fee,
provided that (i) the above copyright notices and this permission notice appear
in all copies of the software and related documentation, and (ii) the names of
Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be used in any advertising or publicity
relating to the software without the specific, prior written permission of Sam
Leffler and Silicon Graphics.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT
WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED
OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR
IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Portions are Copyright © Lingea s.r.o. 2006.

Portions of this computer program are copyright © 1995-2011 Celartum, Inc.,
doing business as LizardTech. All rights reserved. MrSID is protected by U.S.
Patent No. 5,710,835. Foreign Patents Pending.

This software contains source code provided by NVIDIA ARC GmbH. Copyright
1986-20011 by NVIDIA ARC GmbH, Fasanenstr. 81, D-10623 Berlin, Germany. All
rights reserved.

Copyright © 1996-2012 Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved

Portions utilize Microsoft Windows Media Technologies. Copyright © 1999-2004
Microsoft Corporation. All Rights Reserved.
Portions utilize StdString.h Copyright © 2002 Joseph M. O’Leary.

PANTONE® Colors displayed in the software application or in the user
documentation may not match PANTONE-identified standards.  Consult current
PANTONE Color Publications for accurate color. 

Portions © Pantone LLC 2010.  Pantone is the copyright owner of color data
and/or software which are licensed to Autodesk, Inc., to distribute for use only
in combination with certain Autodesk software products.  PANTONE Color Data
and/or Software shall not be copied onto another disk or into memory unless as
part of the execution of this Autodesk software product.

Portions Copyright 1992, 1996 Payne Loving Trust, All rights reserved.

Portions of the subdivision surface implementation technology are protected by
U.S. patents 6,037,949, 6,222,553, 6,300,960, and 6,489,960 and used under
license from Pixar. Use of the Pixar creasing software may require a license
under patents owned by Pixar.

Portions related to RAL DESIGN © RAL, Sankt Augustin, 2002.
Portions related to RAL CLASSIC © RAL, Sankt Augustin, 2002.

Representation of the RAL Colors is done with the approval of RAL Deutsches
Institut für Gütesicherung und Kennzeichnung e.V. (RAL German Institute for
Quality Assurance and Certification, re. Assoc.), D-53757 Sankt Augustin.

	
Please note that the representation of colors on monitors can only approximate
the actual color shades as they are registered as lacquered samples. Neither the
quality of the present software nor the hardware used is responsible for it.

The Sentry Spelling-Checker Engine Copyright © 1994-2003 Wintertree Software,
Inc.

Portions of this product include one or more Boost libraries.  Boost Software
License – Version 1.0– August 17th, 2003, under the following license: 
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person or organization
obtaining a copy of the software and accompanying documentation covered by this
license (the “Software”) to use, reproduce, display, distribute, execute, and
transmit the Software, and to prepare derivative works of the Software, and to
permit third-parties to whom the Software is furnished to do so, all subject to
the following: The copyright notices in the Software and this entire statement,
including the above license grant, this restriction and the following
disclaimer, must be included in all copies of the Software, in whole or in part,
and all derivative works of the Software, unless such copies or derivative works
are solely in the form of machine-executable object code granted by a source
language processor.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY
KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT,
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR ANYONE DISTRIBUTING THE SOFTWARE BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Certain portions Copyright © 2011 Bentley Systems, Incorporated. All rights
reserved.

Portions related to Chromium v 17.0.963.79 are Copyright (c) 2013 The Chromium
Authors. All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  *
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  * Neither the name of Google
Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission. 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to Apple Webkit are Copyright (C) 2005, 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009
Apple Inc. All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. 
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright   notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
APPLE INC. AND ITS CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANYEXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL APPLE INC. OR
ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to libpng versions 1.2.6, August 15, 2004, through 1.5.12, July
11, 2012, are Copyright (c) 2004, 2006-2012 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.2.5 with
the following individual added to the list of Contributing Authors Cosmin Truta. 
libpng versions 1.0.7, July 1, 2000, through 1.2.5 - October 3, 2002, are
Copyright (c) 2000-2002 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed according to
the same disclaimer and license as libpng-1.0.6 with the following individuals
added to the list of Contributing Authors Simon-Pierre Cadieux Eric S. Raymond,
Gilles Vollant and with the following additions to the disclaimer: There is no
warranty against interference with your enjoyment of the library or against
infringement. There is no warranty that our efforts or the library will fulfill
any of your particular purposes or needs. This library is provided with all
faults, and the entire risk of satisfactory quality, performance, accuracy, and
effort is with the user. libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6,
March 20, 2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are
distributed according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96, with
the following individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: Tom Lane,
Glenn Randers -Pehrson, Willem van Schaik.  libpng versions 0.89, June 1996,
through 0.96, May 1997, are
Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger Distributed according to the same
disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the following individuals added to
the list of Contributing Authors: John Bowler, Kevin Bracey, Sam Bushell, Magnus
Holmgren, Greg Roelofs, Tom Tanner.  libpng versions 0.5, May 1995, through
0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric Schalnat, Group 42,
Inc. For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is
defined as the following set of individuals:Andreas Dilger, Dave Martindale, Guy
Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, Tim Wegner.  The PNG Reference Library is supplied
"AS IS". The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all warranties,
expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties of
merchantability and of fitness for any purpose. The Contributing Authors and
Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source
code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following
restrictions: 1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented.  2.
Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source.  3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or
altered from any source or altered source distribution.  The Contributing
Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the
use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in
commercial products. If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment is
not required but would be appreciated.

Portions related to google-jstemplate are Copyright 2006 Google Inc. Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and   limitations under the License.

Portions related to jQuery JavaScript Library are Copyright 2013 jQuery
Foundation and other contributors http://jquery.com/.  Permission is hereby
granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and
associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to libcurl v7.23.1 are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2011, Daniel
Stenberg, <daniel@haxx.se>.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions of CS-Map v. 14.00 is (c) 2008, Autodesk, Inc. All rights reserved. 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  *
Neither the name of the Autodesk, Inc. nor the names of its contributors may be
used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific
prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY Autodesk, Inc. ''AS IS''
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL Autodesk, Inc. OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS
OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to Log4Net are Copyright © 2004-2006 The Apache Software
Foundation
Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the
License at       http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by
applicable law or agreed to in writing, software  distributed under the License
is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific language
governing permissions and  limitations under the License.

Portions related to Lucene.net are  Copyright 2006 The Apache Software
Foundation
The Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).   Licensed under the
Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");  you may not use this file except
in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software  distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS,  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and  limitations under the License.
This product includes software  developed by The Apache Software Foundation
(http://www.apache.org/). The snowball stemmers in
contrib/snowball/src/java/net/sf/snowball were developed by Martin Porter and
Richard Boulton. The full snowball package is available from
http://snowball.tartarus.org/ The Arabic stemmer (contrib/analyzers) comes with
a default stopword  list that is BSD-licensed  created by Jacques Savoy.  The
file resides in
contrib/analyzers/common/src/resources/org/apache/lucene/analysis/ar/stopwords.t
xt.
See http://members.unine.ch/jacques.savoy/clef/index.html. The Persian analyzer
(contrib/analyzers) comes with a default stopword list that is BSD-licensed
created by Jacques Savoy.  The file resides in
contrib/analyzers/common/src/resources/org/apache/lucene/analysis/fa/stopwords.t
xt.
See http://members.unine.ch/jacques.savoy/clef/index.html. Includes
lib/servlet-api-2.4.jar from  Apache Tomcat The SmartChineseAnalyzer source code
(under contrib/analyzers) was provided by Xiaoping Gao and copyright 2009 by
www.imdict.net. ICU4J, (under contrib/collation) is licensed under an MIT styles
license (contrib/collation/lib/ICU-LICENSE.txt) and Copyright (c) 1995-2008
International Business Machines Corporation and others.


Portions related to Info-ZIP are Copyright (c) 1990-1999 Info-ZIP.  All rights
reserved.  For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Info-ZIP" is defined
as the following set of individuals: Mark Adler, John Bush, Karl Davis, Harald
Denker, Jean-Michel Dubois, Jean-loup Gailly, Hunter Goatley, Ian Gorman, Chris
Herborth, Dirk Haase, Greg Hartwig, Robert Heath, Jonathan Hudson, Paul Kienitz,
David Kirschbaum, Johnny Lee, Onno van der Linden, Igor Mandrichenko, Steve P.
Miller, Sergio Monesi, Keith Owens, George Petrov, Greg Roelofs, Kai Uwe Rommel,
Steve Salisbury, Dave Smith, Christian Spieler, Antoine Verheijen, Paul von
Behren, Rich Wales, Mike White.  This software is provided "as is," without
warranty of any kind, express or implied.  In no event shall Info-ZIP or its
contributors be held liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, special or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use this
software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this software for any purpose,
including commercial applications, and to alter it and redistribute it freely,
subject to the following restrictions: 1. Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of
conditions.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, definition, disclaimer, and this list of conditions in
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Altered
versions--including, but not limited to, ports to new operating systems,
existing ports with new graphical interfaces, and dynamic, shared, or static
library versions--must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source.  Such      altered versions also must not be
misrepresented as being Info-ZIP releases--including, but not limited to,
labeling of the altered versions with the names "Info-ZIP" (or any variation
thereof, including, but not limited to, different capitalizations), "Pocket
UnZip," "WiZ" or "MacZip" without the explicit permission of Info-ZIP.  Such
altered versions are further prohibited from misrepresentative use of the
Zip-Bugs or Info-ZIP e-mail addresses or of the Info-ZIP URL(s).  4. Info-ZIP
retains the right to use the names "Info-ZIP," "Zip," "UnZip," "WiZ," "Pocket
UnZip," "Pocket Zip," and "MacZip" for its own source and binary releases.
 
Portions related to Libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2009, Daniel Stenberg,
<daniel@haxx.se>.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM,
DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions related to OpenSSL are Copyright (c) 1998-2006 The OpenSSL Project. 
All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning
features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project  for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and
"OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without prior written permission. For written permission, please
contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products derived from this software may
not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without prior
written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:   "This product includes
software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit
(http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE OpenSSL PROJECT
``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Original SSLeay License Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)
All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).  The implementation was written so as to conform with
Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as
long as the following conditions are adhered to.  The following conditions apply
to all code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc.,
code; not just the SSL code.  The SSL documentation included with this
distribution is covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is
Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any
Copyright notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in
a product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of
the library used.
This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in
documentation (online or textual) provided with the package.Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met:  1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All
advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display
the following acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software
written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word 'cryptographic' can be left
out if the rouines [sic] from the library being used are not cryptographic
related :-).  4. If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative
thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must include an
acknowledgement: "This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
Apache Avro Copyright 2009-2012 The Apache Software Foundation.  Licensed under
the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at      
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

Portions related to FLEXnet Publisher v.11.11 are Copyright (c) 1987-2012
Flexera Software LLC. All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to libCurl v.7.15.5 are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2012, Daniel
Stenberg, daniel@haxx.se.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy,
modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is
hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission
notice appear in all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions related to Windows Template Library-WTL v.8.0 are Copyright (C)
Microsoft Corporation. All rights reserved.  This file is a part of the Windows
Template Library. The use and distribution terms for this software are covered
by the Common Public License 1.0 (http://opensource.org/licenses/cpl1.0.php)
which can be found in the file CPL.TXT at the root of this distribution. By
using this software in any fashion, you are agreeing to be bound by the terms of
this license. You must not remove this notice, or any other, from this software. 
The source code for WTL v.8.0 (and modifications made by Autodesk, if any) is
available from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource.

Portions related to KQOAuth v.0.97 are authored by Johan Paul
(johan.paul@gmail.com) http://www.johanpaul.com. This Autodesk software contains
KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk.  KQOAuth v.0.97 is licensed under the
GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for KQOAuth
v.0.97, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending
a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1.	Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2.	Identify:
a.	This Autodesk software name and release number;
b.	That you are requesting  the source code for KQOAuth v.0.97, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c.	The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this KQOAuth v.0.97 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from
the date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink KQOAuth v.0.97 to this Autodesk software as
provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The
OpenSSL Project.  All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)". THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY  EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE  IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to OpenSSL toolkit v.1.0.0e are Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). All rights reserved.  This package is an SSL
implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). The implementation was
written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This library is free for
commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following conditions are
aheared to.  The following conditions apply to all code found in this
distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL code. 
The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the same
copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com). 
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code
are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should
be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used. This can be
in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation (online
or textual) provided with the package.  Redistribution and use in source and
binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1.  Redistributions of source code must retain the
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)." The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the
rouines [sic] from the library being used are not cryptographic related :-).  4.
If you include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps
directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product
includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to QAxContainer are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com). This software contains QAxContainer.  Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: * Redistributions of source code
must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer. * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. * Neither
the name of Nokia Corporation and its Subsidiary(-ies) nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.













Portions related to Qt v.4.7.2 are Copyright (c) 2011 Nokia Corporation and/or
its subsidiary(-ies).  All rights reserved.  Contact: Qt Software Information
(qt-info@nokia.com).  This Autodesk software contains Qt v.4.7.2.  Qt is
licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found
at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v4.7.2
from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:
1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
 	a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
 b. That you are requesting the source code for Qt v4.7.2; and
 	c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Copyright (c) 1998, 1999, 2000 Thai Open Source Software Center Ltd  and Clark
Cooper
Copyright (c) 2001, 2002, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006 Expat maintainers.  Permission
is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this
software and associated documentation files (the  "Software"), to deal in the
Software without restriction, including  without limitation the rights to use,
copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the
Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this
permission notice shall be included  in all copies or substantial portions of
the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, 
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,  TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to OpenSSL are Copyright (c) 1998-2008 The OpenSSL Project. 
All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright  notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in
binary form must reproduce the above copyright  notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials
provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning
features or use of this software must display the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project  for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names ""OpenSSL Toolkit""
and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to  endorse or promote products derived
from this software without  prior written permission. For written permission,
please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products derived from this software
may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their names without
prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project.  6. Redistributions of any form
whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project  for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE. ===============================================================
 This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com).  This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).
 Original SSLeay License
 -----------------------
 Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com). All rights reserved. 
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).   
The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This
library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following
conditions are aheared [sic] to.  The following conditions apply to all code
found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just
the SSL code.  The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered
by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).  Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright
notices in the code are not to be removed.  If this package is used in a
product, Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of
the library used.  This can be in the form of a textual message at program
startup or in documentation (online or textual) provided with the package. 
Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:  1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution.  3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement:
 "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com)"
 The word 'cryptographic' can be left out if the routines from the library being
used are not cryptographic related :-).  4. If you include any Windows specific
code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you
must include an acknowledgement:
"This product includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)". 
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO
EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.  The licence and distribution terms
for any publically available version or derivative of this code cannot be
changed.  i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under another
distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.]

Copyright © 1995-2005 The OpenSSL Project. All rights reserved.  Redistributions
and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source
code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer.  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the
above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All
advertising materials mentioning features or use of this software must display
the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the
OpenSSL Project for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4.
The names "OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or
promote products derived from this software without prior written permission.
For written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org.  5. Products
derived from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear
in their names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project. 6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
"This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in the
OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE
OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL PROJECT OR ITS
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION)  HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric Young
(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).

Copyright (c) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved.
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.  This
library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the following
conditions are adhered to.  The following conditions apply to all code found in
this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not just the SSL
code.  The SSL documentation included with this distribution is covered by the
same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com).
Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright notices in the code
are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product, Eric Young should
be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library used.  This can
be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in documentation
(online or textual) provided with the package.  Redistribution and use in source
and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided that the
following conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgement: "This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word ''cryptographic'' can be left out if the
routines from the library being used are not cryptographic related.  4. If you
include any Windows specific code (or a derivative thereof) from the apps
directory (application code) you must include an acknowledgement: "This product
includes software written by Tim Hudson (tjh@cryptsoft.com)”.  THIS SOFTWARE IS
PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG 'AS IS' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE
GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT
LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF
THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 
The license and distribution terms for any publicly available version or
derivative of this code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be
copied and put under another distribution license  [including the GNU Public
License.]

Copyright (c) 2002-2010 by PDFTron Systems, Inc. and distributed by Autodesk,
Inc, under license.  All Rights Reserved. PDFTron and PDFNet SDK are either
trademarks and/or service marks and/or registered trademarks of PDFTron Systems
Incorporated in Canada and/or other countries.

Portions related to ACIS® © 1989–2001 Spatial Corp.

Portions related to Intel® Threading Building Blocks v.4.0 are Copyright (C)
2005-2012 Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to Intel® Math Kernel Library v.10.0.3
(www.intel.com/software/products/mkl) are Copyright (C) 2000–2008, Intel
Corporation. All rights reserved.

This Autodesk software contains the following software components licensed from
Siemens Industry Software Limited:
D-CubedTM HLM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.
D-CubedTM CDM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to JTOpen Toolkit v.6.3 are licensed from Siemens Product
Lifecycle Management Software Inc.

Portions related to libjpeg software v.6b are copyright © 1991-2010, Thomas G.
Lane, Guido Vollbeding.  All Rights Reserved.  This software is based in part on
the work of the Independent JPEG Group.

This Autodesk software contains DevIL v.1.7.8.  DevIL is licensed under the GNU
Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license and the source code for DevIL v. v.1.7.8 (and modifications made by
Autodesk, if any) are included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the
download of this Autodesk software.  You may modify, debug and relink DevIL to
this Autodesk software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General
Public License v.2.1.

PCRE LICENSE
------------
PCRE is a library of functions to support regular expressions whose syntax and
semantics are as close as possible to those of the Perl 5 language.

Release 8 of PCRE is distributed under the terms of the "BSD" licence, as
specified below. The documentation for PCRE, supplied in the "doc" directory, is
distributed under the same terms as the software itself.

The basic library functions are written in C and are freestanding. Also included
in the distribution is a set of C++ wrapper functions.

THE BASIC LIBRARY FUNCTIONS
---------------------------

Written by:       Philip Hazel
Email local part: ph10
Email domain:     cam.ac.uk

University of Cambridge Computing Service,
Cambridge, England.

Copyright (c) 1997-2010 University of Cambridge
All rights reserved.


THE C++ WRAPPER FUNCTIONS
-------------------------

Contributed by:   Google Inc.

Copyright (c) 2007-2010, Google Inc.
All rights reserved.


THE "BSD" LICENCE
-----------------

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:* Redistributions
of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions
and the following disclaimer.  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce
the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer
in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.  *
Neither the name of the University of Cambridge nor the name of Google Inc. nor
the names of their contributors may be used to endorse or promote products
derived from this software without specific prior written permission.  THIS
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to Intel® Threading Building Blocks v.3.0.5 are Copyright (C)
2005-2012 Intel Corporation.  All Rights Reserved.

Portions related to Xerces-C++ v.3.1.1 are Copyright © 1999-2010 The Apache
Software Foundation. All Rights Reserved. Licensed under the Apache License,
Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied.   See the License for the specific language governing permissions
and limitations under the License.

Portions related to Parasolid Communicator Toolkit v.25 are Copyright 2012
Siemens Product Lifecycle Management Software Inc. All rights reserved.

Portions related to GRANITE® Interoperability Kernel v.8.0 are Copyright © 2011
Parametric Technology Corporation and/or Its Subsidiary Companies. All Rights
Reserved.

Portions related to RODX/CAT, RODX/CAT5, and WODX/CAT5 are Copyright ©
CADCAM-E.COM, Inc.

Portions related to uuencode/uudecode are © 1983–2006 Regents of the University
of California. All rights reserved.









Portions related to 7-Zip Copyright (C) 1999-2012 Igor Pavlov.  This Autodesk
software contains 7-zip.  7-zip is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public
License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for 7-zip from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing 5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting the source code for 7-zip; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this 7-zip source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink 7-zip to this Autodesk software as provided
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm are ©
1991–2007 RSA Data Security, Inc. All rights reserved.  License to copy and use
this software is granted provided that it is identified as the "RSA Data
Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material mentioning or
referencing this software or this function.  License is also granted to make and
use derivative works provided that such works are identified as "derived from
the RSA Data Security, Inc. MD5 Message-Digest Algorithm" in all material
mentioning or referencing the derived work.  RSA Data Security, Inc. makes no
representations concerning either the merchantability of this software or the
suitability of this software for any particular purpose. It is provided "as is"
without express or implied warranty of any kind. These notices must be retained
in any copies of any part of this documentation and/or software.

Portions related to 2D DCM v.60 are licensed from Siemens Industry Software
Limited: D-CubedTM 2D DCM © 2012. Siemens Industry Software Limited. All Rights
Reserved.

Portions related to JTOpen Toolkit v.6.0 are licensed from Siemens Product
Lifecycle Management Software Inc.

Portions related to DirectX SDK v.43 are © 1981–2010 Microsoft Corp. All rights
reserved.

Portions related to Qt MFC Migration Framework are Copyright (c) 2009 Nokia
Corporation and/or its subsidiary(-ies). This Autodesk software contains Qt MFC
Migration Framework v.2.8, as modified by Autodesk, Inc. Qt MFC Migration
Framework is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which
can be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text
copy of this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the
download of this Autodesk software. 

You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt MFC Migration Framework v.2.8,
as modified by Autodesk, Inc., from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for Qt MFC Migration Framework
v.2.8, as modified by Autodesk, Inc.; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt MFC Migration Framework source code, as modified by Autodesk, Inc.,  via
the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is
valid for a period of three (3) years from the date you purchased your license
to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt MFC Migration Framework to this Autodesk
software as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1.

Portions related to Qt v.4.8.2 are Copyright (c) 2012 Digia Plc and/or its
subsidiary(-ies). All rights reserved. This Autodesk software contains Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk.  Qt is licensed under the GNU Lesser General
Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for Qt v.
4.8.2, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:
1.	Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2.	Identify:
a.	This Autodesk software name and release number;
b.	That you are requesting  the source code for Qt v. 4.8.2, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c.	The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this Qt

source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written
request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the date you
purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink Qt to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to FIPS 180-2 SHA-224/256/384/512 are Copyright (C) 2005, 2007
Olivier Gay <> All rights reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary
forms, with or without  modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions  are met:  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright  notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.  3. Neither the name of the
project nor the names of its contributors may be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT  LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF  SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to MurmurHash are Copyright (c) 2009 MurmurHash2, 64-bit
versions, by Austin Appleby.  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to
any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without
limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,
sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom
the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Paul Hsieh Super Fast Hash are Copyright (c) 2004-2007 Paul
Hsieh
All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or
without modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met: Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.  Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.  Neither the name of the Paul Hsieh nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission.  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED
BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT
SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR
PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to sparsehash are Copyright (C) 2005, Google Inc.  All rights
reserved.  Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without 
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 1.
Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list
of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form
must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the
following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with
the distribution.  3. Neither the name of the project nor the names of its
contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from this
software without specific prior written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE PROJECT AND CONTRIBUTORS ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE  ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE PROJECT
OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL,
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL  DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT
OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT  LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY  OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF  SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to libcurl are Copyright (c) 1996 - 2010, Daniel Stenberg,
<daniel@haxx.se>.  All rights reserved.  Permission to use, copy, modify, and
distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in
all copies.  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT OF THIRD
PARTY RIGHTS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR
OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.  Except as contained in this notice, the name of
a copyright holder shall not be used in advertising or otherwise to promote the
sale, use or other dealings in this Software without prior written authorization
of the copyright holder.

Portions related to zlib are Copyright (C) 1995-2004 Jean-loup Gailly and Mark
Adler.  This software is provided 'as-is', without any express or implied 
warranty.  In no event will the authors be held liable for any damages arising
from the use of this software.  Permission is granted to anyone to use this
software for any purpose,  including commercial applications, and to alter it
and redistribute it  freely, subject to the following restrictions:
1. The origin of this software must not be misrepresented; you must not claim
that you wrote the original software. If you use this software in a product, an
acknowledgment in the product documentation would be  appreciated but is not
required.
2. Altered source versions must be plainly marked as such, and must not be  
misrepresented as being the original software.
3. This notice may not be removed or altered from any source distribution.

Portions related to OpenSSL License are Copyright (c) 1998-2011 The OpenSSL
Project. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms,
with or without modification, are permitted provided that the following
conditions are met: 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above
copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 2.
Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution. 3. All advertising materials
mentioning features or use of this software must display the following
acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project
for use in the OpenSSL Toolkit. (http://www.openssl.org/)".  4. The names
"OpenSSL Toolkit" and "OpenSSL Project" must not be used to endorse or promote
products derived from this software without prior written permission. For
written permission, please contact openssl-core@openssl.org. 5. Products derived
from this software may not be called "OpenSSL" nor may "OpenSSL" appear in their
names without prior written permission of the OpenSSL Project. 6.
Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following acknowledgment:
* "This product includes software developed by the OpenSSL Project for use in
the OpenSSL Toolkit (http://www.openssl.org/)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY
THE OpenSSL PROJECT ''AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE OpenSSL
PROJECT OR ITS CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.
====================================================================
This product includes cryptographic software written by Eric
Young(eay@cryptsoft.com). This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com).
Original SSLeay License
-----------------------
Copyright (C) 1995-1998 Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com) All rights reserved.
This package is an SSL implementation written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com).
* The implementation was written so as to conform with Netscapes SSL.
This library is free for commercial and non-commercial use as long as the
following conditions are aheared [sic] to. The following conditions apply to all
code found in this distribution, be it the RC4, RSA, lhash, DES, etc., code; not
just the SSL code. The SSL documentation included with this distribution is
covered by the same copyright terms except that the holder is Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com). Copyright remains Eric Young's, and as such any Copyright
notices in the code are not to be removed. If this package is used in a product,
Eric Young should be given attribution as the author of the parts of the library
used. This can be in the form of a textual message at program startup or in
documentation (online or textual) provided with the package. Redistribution and
use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted
provided that the following conditions are met:
1. Redistributions of source code must retain the copyright notice, this list of
conditions and the following disclaimer. 2. Redistributions in binary form must
reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
distribution. 3. All advertising materials mentioning features or use of this
software must display the following acknowledgement: "This product includes
cryptographic software written by Eric Young (eay@cryptsoft.com)" The word
'cryptographic' can be left out if the rouines [sic] from the library being used
are not cryptographic related :-). 4. If you include any Windows specific code
(or a derivative thereof) from the apps directory (application code) you must
include an acknowledgement:"This product includes software written by Tim Hudson
(tjh@cryptsoft.com)".  THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY ERIC YOUNG ''AS IS'' AND ANY
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The licence and
distribution terms for any publically available version or derivative of this
code cannot be changed. i.e. this code cannot simply be copied and put under
another distribution licence [including the GNU Public Licence.]

Portions related to Log4CPLUS v 1.0.4 are Copyright 2011 Apache, Inc. Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at 
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless required by applicable law or
agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express
or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

Development tools and related technology provided under license from
3Dconnexion. (C) 1992-2009 3Dconnexion. All rights reserved.

Portions related to libtiff are Copyright (c) 1988-1997 Sam Leffler Copyright
(c) 1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc.  Permission to use, copy, modify,
distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose is
hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE
OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Except where otherwise noted in the source code (e.g. the files hash.c, list.c
and the trio files, which are covered by a similar licence but with different
Copyright notices) all the files related to libxml are: Copyright (C) 1998-2003
Daniel Veillard.  All Rights Reserved. Permission is hereby granted, free of
charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated
documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without
restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and
to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the
following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice
shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE DANIEL VEILLARD
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CON NECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE. Except as contained in
this notice, the name of Daniel Veillard shall not be used in advertising or
otherwise to promote the sale, use or other dealings in this Software without
prior written authorization from him.

Portions related to QJson v 0.7.2 are Copyright (c) 2012 Digia Plc and/or its
subsidiary(-ies). This Autodesk software contains QJson v.0.7.2, as modified by
Autodesk, Inc.  QJson is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License
v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QJson
v.0.7.2 as modified by Autodesk, Inc. from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by
sending a written request to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903
Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2.  Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for QJson v.0.7.2, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QJson v 0.7.2 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)
or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years  from
the date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software. You may modify,
debug and relink QJson v0.7.2  to this Autodesk software as provided under the
terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to OpenSSL plugin to Qt Cryptographic Architecture are
Copyright (C) 2003-2007  Justin Karneges justin@affinix.com.  Copyright (C)
2004-2006  Brad Hards bradh@frogmouth.net.

This Autodesk software contains OpenSSL plugin to Qt Cryptographic Architecture
v2.0.0 beta3 (OpenSSL plugin to QCA), as modified by Autodesk.  OpenSSL plugin
to QCA is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can
be found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy
of this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the
download of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code
for OpenSSL plugin to QCA v2.0.0 beta3, as modified by Autodesk, from
www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for OpenSSL plugin to QCA v2.0.0
beta3, as modified by Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this OpenSSL plugin to QCA source code via the above URL
(www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a
period of three (3) years from the date you purchased your license to this
Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink OpenSSL plugin to QCA to this Autodesk software
as provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to QOAuth are Copyright (C) 2010 Dominik Kapusta d@ayoy.net. 

This Autodesk software contains QOAuth v 1.0, as modified by Autodesk.  QOAuth
is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be
found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of
this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download
of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QOAuth
v 1.0, as modified by Autodesk, from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a
written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for QOAuth v 1.0, as modified by
Autodesk; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QOAuth v 1.0 source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or
by written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink QOAuth v 1.0 to this Autodesk software as
provided under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to  Qt Cryptographic Architecture are Copyright (C) 2003-2007 
Justin Karneges justin@affinix.com. Copyright (C) 2004-2007  Brad Hards
bradh@frogmouth.net

This Autodesk software contains Qt Cryptographic Architecture v. 2.0.2 (QCA). 
QCA is licensed under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be
found at http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.   A text copy of
this license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download
of this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for QCA v
2.0.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and



2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for QCA v 2.0.2; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this QCA source code via the above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by
written request to Autodesk is valid for a period of three (3) years from the
date you purchased your license to this Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink QCA to this Autodesk software as provided under
the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Portions related to AXIS2/C v1.6.0 are Copyright (C) 2009 The Apache Software
Foundation. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a
copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. Unless
required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under
the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS
OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the specific
language governing permissions and  limitations under the License.

Portions related to libiconv are Copyright 1999-2003 Free Software Foundation,
Inc.  This Autodesk software contains libiconv v.1.9.2.  libiconv is licensed
under the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1, which can be found at
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/lgpl-2.1.txt.  A text copy of this
license is included on the media provided by Autodesk or with the download of
this Autodesk software.  You may obtain a copy of the source code for libiconv
v.1.9.2 from www.autodesk.com/lgplsource or by sending a written request  to:

Autodesk, Inc.
Attention:  General Counsel
Legal Department
111 McInnis Parkway
San Rafael, CA 94903

Your written request must:

1. Contain a self-addressed CD/DVD mailer (or envelope sufficiently large to
hold a DVD) with postage sufficient to cover the amount of the current U.S. Post
Office First Class postage rate for CD/DVD mailers (or the envelope you have
chosen) weighing  5 ounces from San Rafael, California USA to your indicated
address; and

2. Identify:
a. This Autodesk software name and release number;
b. That you are requesting  the source code for libiconv v.1.9.2; and
c. The above URL (www.autodesk.com/lgplsource)

so that Autodesk may properly respond to your request.  The offer to receive
this libiconv v.1.9.2 source code via the above URL
(www.autodesk.com/lgplsource) or by written request to Autodesk is valid for a
period of three (3) years  from the date you purchased your license to this
Autodesk software.

You may modify, debug and relink libiconv to this Autodesk software as provided
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License v.2.1.

Copyright © 1996 2009 Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. All
Rights Reserved.

This product contains proprietary and confidential technology, information and
creative works owned by Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. and
their respective licensors, if any. Any use, copying, publication, distribution,
display, modification, or transmission of such technology in whole or in part in
any form or by any means without the prior express written permission of Acresso
Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. is strictly prohibited. Except where
expressly provided by Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. in
writing, possession of this technology shall not be construed to confer any
license or rights under any Acresso Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc.
intellectual property rights, whether by estoppel, implication, or otherwise.

All copies of the technology and related information, if allowed by Acresso
Software Inc. and/or InstallShield Co. Inc., must display this notice of
copyright and ownership in full.

Trademarks

Acresso, AdminStudio, FLEXnet Connect, InstallShield, InstallShield Developer,
InstallShield DevStudio, InstallShield Professional, OneClickInstall, and
QuickPatch are registered trademarks or trademarks of Acresso Software Inc.
and/or InstallShield Co. Inc. in the United States of America and/or other
countries. All other brand and product names mentioned herein are the trademarks
and registered trademarks of their respective owners.

Restricted Rights Legend

The software and documentation are commercial items, as that term is defined at
48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of commercial computer software and commercial
computer software documentation, as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or
48 C.F.R. §227.2702, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48
C.F.R. §227.2702-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the commercial computer
software and commercial computer software documentation are being licensed to
U.S. government end users (A) only as commercial items and (B) with only those
rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and
conditions set forth in the Acresso Software standard commercial agreement for
this software. Unpublished rights reserved under the copyright laws of the
United States of America.

Portions related to libpng versions 0.97, January 1998, through 1.0.6, March 20,
2000, are Copyright (c) 1998, 1999 Glenn Randers-Pehrson, and are distributed
according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.96, with the following
individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: Tom Lane, Glenn
Randers-Pehrson, Willem van Schaik.  libpng versions 0.89, June 1996, through
0.96, May 1997, are Copyright (c) 1996, 1997 Andreas Dilger Distributed
according to the same disclaimer and license as libpng-0.88, with the following
individuals added to the list of Contributing Authors: John Bowler, Kevin
Bracey, Sam Bushell, Magnus Holmgren, Greg Roelofs, Tom Tanner.  libpng versions
0.5, May 1995, through 0.88, January 1996, are Copyright (c) 1995, 1996 Guy Eric
Schalnat, Group 42, Inc.
For the purposes of this copyright and license, "Contributing Authors" is
defined as the following set of individuals: Andreas Dilger, Dave Martindale,
Guy Eric Schalnat, Paul Schmidt, Tim Wegner.  The PNG Reference Library is
supplied "AS IS".  The Contributing Authors and Group 42, Inc. disclaim all
warranties, expressed or implied, including, without limitation, the warranties
of merchantability and of fitness for any purpose.  The Contributing Authors and
Group 42, Inc. assume no liability for direct, indirect, incidental, special,
exemplary, or consequential damages, which may result from the use of the PNG
Reference Library, even if advised of the possibility of such damage. 
Permission is hereby granted to use, copy, modify, and distribute this source
code, or portions hereof, for any purpose, without fee, subject to the following
restrictions: 1. The origin of this source code must not be misrepresented. 2.
Altered versions must be plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original source. 3. This Copyright notice may not be removed or
altered from any source or altered source distribution.  The Contributing
Authors and Group 42, Inc. specifically permit, without fee, and encourage the
use of this source code as a component to supporting the PNG file format in
commercial products.  If you use this source code in a product, acknowledgment
is not required but would be appreciated.

Portions related to LuaPlus v5.1 are Copyright © 1994–2008 Lua.org, PUC-Rio.
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS
IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED
TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR
THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Portions related to OpenEXR 1.6.0 Copyright © 2004, Industrial Light & Magic, a
division of Lucas Digital Ltd. LLC All rights reserved. Redistribution and use
in source and binary forms, with or without modification, are permitted provided
that the following conditions are met: Redistributions of source code must
retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions and the following
disclaimer. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution. Neither the
name of Industrial Light & Magic nor the names of its contributors may be used
to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior
written permission. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND
CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY,
OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY
OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Portions related to TIFF © Copyright 1988-1997 Sam Leffler. © Copyright
1991-1997 Silicon Graphics, Inc. All rights reserved. Permission to use, copy,
modify, distribute, and sell this software and its documentation for any purpose
is hereby granted without fee, provided that (i) the above copyright notices and
this permission notice appear in all copies of the software and related
documentation, and (ii) the names of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics may not be
used in any advertising or publicity relating to the software without the
specific, prior written permission of Sam Leffler and Silicon Graphics.  THE
SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS-IS” AND WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR OTHERWISE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  IN NO EVENT SHALL SAM LEFFLER OR SILICON
GRAPHICS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA
OR PROFITS, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGE, AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABIBITLY, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Portions related to Libxerces-c 2.7.0 are copyright 1999-2000, 2004 The Apache
Software Foundation.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
“License”); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You
may obtain a copy of the License at http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0. 
Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an “AS IS” BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

This product includes the SwiftShader Software GPU Toolkit, Copyright (c)
2003-2011 Transgaming, Inc. All rights reserved.

Portions related to open-vcdiff are Copyright 2008 © Google, Inc.  Licensed
under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file
except in compliance with the License.   You may obtain a copy of the License at      
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.  Unless required by applicable law
or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.


